Are you gonna be back?
I can't do this for much longer.
He's just too hard to resist.
And not only that, he's been my crush for so long.
Do you like him?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's fine.
Oh, good thing I don't like him at all, so go for it.
Dr. Herding, your patience here.
Thank you.
I gotta go.
Your surgical wound is healing nicely.
Just continue to rest and you'll be fine.
Oh, okay.
Well, Doc, can we have sex anytime soon?
You can't just ask that.
That's embarrassing.
What's the big deal?
I'm your wife and I care about that.
I'll never catch asking like a more polite way.
All right.
Dr. Hardy,
when can we have sexual intercourse or make love
or become one?
I'm sorry to say, but not just yet.
That's a great excuse.
Oh, careful.
I pulled my surgical wound today
and the doctor had to fix me again.
Told me to rest, so still no go.
You had surgery?
Yeah, about two weeks ago.
Where did you get your report?
This looks super legit.
Where are you insinuating?
That is a real doctor's report.
Why did you keep taking them lying?
This is your report for your surgery.
You sure about.
When exactly did you grow a prostate?